no create event for default envs (#130)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/audit-logging.adoc

|Subaction: None +
Properties: Environment name

[NOTE]

> When an Organization or Business Group is created, some default environments are created automatically. As Anypoint has evolved, the default environments created have been changing. The current automatically created environments are Sandbox and Design. For the automatically created environments, no auid log entries are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environments that are created automatically when you create an organization or business group do not have audit log entries. As Anypoint Platform has evolved, the default environments created have also changed over time. Currently, `Sandbox` and `Design` are created automatically and do not have audit log entries.
```
